Clarify usage of secrets in docs (#4099)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/20-usage/51-plugins/20-creating-plugins.md

### Secrets

> Secrets should be passed as settings too. Therefore, users should use [`from_secret`](../40-secrets.md#use-secrets-in-plugins-via-settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secrets should be passed as a setting option. Therefore, users should use [`from_secret`](../40-secrets.md#use-secrets-in-plugins-via-settings).
```
